Akamai app (#2112)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/akamai-datastream.md

---
id: akamai-datastream
title: Akamai DataStream
sidebar_label: Akamai DataStream
description: Monitor and analyze the performance of Akamai Edge server.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/saas-cloud/akamai.svg')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="100"/>

> The Sumo Logic App for Akamai DataStream is designed to monitor and analyze the performance of your Akamai Edge server, and request handling pipeline. Also, it helps to identify any issues that may be impacting your user's experience. This app is tailored to work with the logs generated by Akamai DataStream 2, which include valuable information about each request, such as the request path, status code, response time, and more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic App for Akamai DataStream is designed to monitor and analyze the performance of your Akamai Edge server, and request handling pipeline. It helps to identify any issues that may be impacting your users' experience. This app is tailored to work with the logs generated by Akamai DataStream 2, which include valuable information about each request, such as the request path, status code, response time, and more. 
```
